                  Lesson 10 Notes
====================================================

Timing data was collected for 6 iterations with the
following number of records per database:
    - 10 (30 total)
    - 100 (300 total)
    - 500 (1500 total)
    - 1000 (3000 total)
    - 2500 (7500 total)
    - 5000 (15000 total)
This data is documented in 'timings.txt'. note that 
import_data time includes get_data time.

----------------------------------------------------

The data shows the import_data method/function took 
significantly more time to run than the other 
methods/functions. The query functions show_rentals
and show_available_products seemed to maintain a
relatively consistent run time, regardless of the 
number of records in the database. The get_data
function, which extracted data from csv files took
the least amount of time for the smaller amount of 
records and seemed to ramp up in run time as the 
number of records increased. From these observations,
it can be concluded that the database could be the 
root cause of a slow system as the database-related
functions (inserting/querying) took the most time
to run. However, if the record count increased 
significantly from what was tested in this exercise,
it is possible that the csv data extraction could
become the main source of time consumption.
